Traditional - The Rattling Bog

4/4


Chorus:



(G)Rare Bog, the (C)Rattlin Bog, the (G)Bog down in the (D)valley-o



(G)Rare Bog, the (C)Rattlin Bog, the (G)Bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o





Repeat chorus after each verse





1. Well (G)in that bog there was a hole, a rare hole, a (D)rattlin hole,

A (G) hole in the bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)



2. Well (G)in that hole there was a tree, a rare tree, a (D)rattlin tree,

A (G) tree in the hole and the hole in the bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)





3. And (G)on that tree there was a limb, a rare limb, a (D)rattlin limb,

A (G)limb on the tree and the tree in the hole and the hole in the bog and the bog down

in the (D)valley-(G)o







4. And (G)on that limb there was a branch, a rare branch, a (D)rattlin branch,

A (G)branch on the limb and the limb on the tree and the tree in the hole and the hole

in the bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o









5. And (G)on that branch there was a twig, a rare twig, a (D)rattlin twig,

And the (G) twig on the branch and the branch on the limb and the limb on the tree and

the tree in the hole and the hole in the bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o







6. And (G)on that twig there was a nest, a rare nest, a (D)rattlin nest,

And the (G)nest on the twig and the twig on the branch and the branch on the limb and

the limb on the tree and the tree in the hole and the hole in the bog and the bog down in

the (D)valley-(G)o







7. And (G)on that nest there was an egg, a rare egg, a (D)rattlin egg,

And the (G)egg on the nest and the nest on the twig and the twig on the branch and the

branch on the limb and the limb on the tree and the tree in the hole and the hole in the

bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o







8. And (G)on that egg there was a bird, a rare bird, a (D)rattlin bird.

And the (G)bird on the egg and the egg on the nest and the nest on the twig and the twig

on the branch and the branch on the limb and the limb on the tree and the tree in the

hole and the hole in the bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o





9. And (G)on that bird there was a feather, a rare feather, a (D)rattlin feather

And the (G)feather on the bird and the bird on the egg and the egg on the nest and the

nest on the twig and the twig on the branch and the branch on the limb and the limb on

the tree and the tree in the hole and the hole in the bog and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o







10. And (G)on that feather there was a flea, a rare flea, a (D)rattlin flea

And the (G)flea on the feather and the  feather on the bird and the bird on the egg and

the egg on the nest and the nest on the twig and the twig on the branch and the branch

on the limb and the limb on the tree and the tree in the hole and the hole in the bog 

and the bog down in the (D)valley-(G)o


